Dare to bump into me
Mayo characters are more awesome than me
They come aggressively
Must be looking for trouble
It's going to be fun.
Liu Wenming
You said Master Lin
Live here, right?
Yes, teacher.
Live in it
Yesterday's Master Lin ran away
This young master is very unhappy
I tell you Lin Wenming
If you let him run away again today
This young master will not make you regret it
Don't worry, Wang Shao
I'll take you in to check
Temporary matter, you come out for me
Dad?
He's the woman who took my virgin body
Isn't that the one who bullied me?
I must help him
How did you get here?
Of course your dad brought me here.
Try it, I'm afraid you don't know yet
All of this.
I discussed it with your dad last night
Dad?
Is what he said true?
Poetry.
I have promised to marry you to Master Wang
The engagement will be announced at your grandfather's birthday party tomorrow
Wang Shao
He also promised to invest 10 million in our Lin family
You can do it
You ran away last night, Dad
I am your own daughter
Daughter, dad can't help it either
Enough, Mistress
And here's what happened.
I give you two options.
First follow this young master
As long as the young master is comfortable
Maybe I can let you go.
If you don't want to
Then according to the agreement
You want to compensate our Wang family 50 million
50 million. How can I have that kind of money?
It's easy to do without money
Then follow this young master
You dream
Who took your Wang family's money, who do you go to?
I can't go with you
Even less likely to serve you
I already have a boyfriend
You will die of this heart
Have a boyfriend
You really take me for a fool.
Why don't you just announce that you are single?
You have a boyfriend now?
What about boyfriend?
Where are they?
Hey, here, here, look here
Welcome to my home.
Hello, hello, hello.
Good job, see you are handsome
Dad?
first meeting
Please take care of
That's right, I'm his boyfriend